ELLAH LAKES PLC
UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR NINE MONTHS ENDED
30 APRIL 2019
CONTENTS
ELLAH LAKES PLC
Certification
Unaudited statement of financial position
Unaudited statement of profit or loss
Statement of changes in equity
Statement of cash flows
Notes to the financial statements
1
PAGE
2
3
5
6
7

ELLAH LAKES PLC
THIRD QUARTER FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 60 (2) OF THE INVESTMENT AND SECURITIES ACT (ISA), 20017
We hereby certify that:
3.
b.
The directors have reviewed the report;
Based on the knowledge of the officers, the report does not contain:
Any untrue statement of a material fact, or
ii. Omit to state a material fact, which would make the statement misleading in the light of the circumstances under which such a statement was made.
1
Based on the knowledge of such officers, the financial statement and other financial information included in the report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and result of operations of the company for the period presented in the report. The directors:
Are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls,
ii. Have designed such internal controls to ensure that material information relating to the company is made known to such officers by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which the periodic reports are being prepared;
iii. Have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's internal controls as of date within 90 days prior to the report:
iv. Have presented in the report their conclusions about the effectiveness of their internal controls based on their evaluation as of that date:
The directors have at the given opportunity to Auditors of the Company and Audit Committee:
All significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which would adversely affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarise and report financial data and have identified for the Company's Auditors any material weakness in internal controls, and
ii. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have significant role in the Company's internal controls:
The directors have identified in the report whether or not there were significant changes in internal controls or other factors that could have significant changes in the internal controls or other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weakness
Certified by:
ұ
Mr. Chuka Mordi
Executive Director
FRC/2014/CIBN/00000005906
Date.
30/05/2019
fore
Mr. Joel Omole Finance Manager
FRC/2017/ICAN/00000016600
Date:
20/05/2019